docs: add existing content DOC-1065 (#2267)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/getting-started/getting-started.md

Reviewer: @addetz let's wordsmith the intro - it feels a bit too _sales-y_ let's focus on Palette's values proposition and what it can solve. What I mean by that is Kubernetes management at scale, theater on the edge, or bare metal, or public cloud provider.  Just a lil teaser of what the rest of the section will answer. 

Lil tip, if the benefits page will be the last page that will go over the four use cases, then maybe you can tease/ hint at them in the intro.

Author: Good shout. I wrote up a fresh paragraph for this, have another look please.

tags: ["getting-started"]
---

This page gives an overview of how to get started with Spectro Cloud Palette and begin leveraging its Kubernetes
full-stack management at scale. Palette's unique capabilities provide end-to-end declarative cluster management, cluster
monitoring and reconciliation, as well as adherence to the highest security standards. It provides support for public
cloud providers, data centers, bare metal and edge, so you can use Palette no matter the complexity of your production
environments.

The first step towards adopting Palette in your organization is to

> [create a login](https://www.spectrocloud.com/get-started). The
> [Palette Free Tier](https://www.spectrocloud.com/free-tier) gives our users the opportunity to get a first impression of
> our product before making a purchase decision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[create a login](https://www.spectrocloud.com/get-started). The
[Palette Free Tier](https://www.spectrocloud.com/free-tier) allows you to experience the benefits of Palette first-hand.
```
Added active voice and removed the "purchase" topic to instead focus on the user experience 😄
